doc: lwm2m: Announces support for v.1.1 (#48687)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/networking/api/lwm2m.rst

  Device, Firmware Update, etc.
* Extended IPSO objects such as Light Control, Temperature Sensor, and Timer

> By default the library implements `LwM2M specification 1.0.2`_ and can be set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the library implements `LwM2M specification 1.0.2`_ and can be set to
```

> The library currently implements up to `LwM2M specification 1.0.2`_ or version
> `LwM2M specification 1.1.1`_ with a separate overlay file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the library implements `LwM2M specification 1.0.2`_ and can be set to
`LwM2M specification 1.1.1`_ with a Kconfig option.
```

.. _LwM2M specification 1.0.2:
   http://openmobilealliance.org/release/LightweightM2M/V1_0_2-20180209-A/OMA-TS-LightweightM2M-V1_0_2-20180209-A.pdf

.. _LwM2M specification 1.1.1:

>    http://openmobilealliance.org/release/LightweightM2M/V1_1_1-20190617-A/

Reviewer 3: Just to clarify, linking here to a directory instead of specific file is intended here, right? I guess it makes sense, given that the specification is scattered across different files.

Author: Yes, you got it right.
